In this exercise, we will change the ownership model behind the graph edge instances.
Until now they are owned by Chat-Logic and the changes we want to apply now transfer
this ownership to the graph node instances to which the graph edges are connected.
Please note that we do not want to use SharePoint as yet.
Please limit yourself to the use of unique pointers and implement the ownership in
a way that the graph node only owns the outgoing edges leading to children in the graph.
Now, the incoming edges are owned by
the preceding nodes which are parents to the current node.
Please make sure to use move semantics when transferring ownership
from class chat logic into instances of graph node.